New SDK IA (Node) - Usage Examples (#705)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/node/examples/read-and-write-data.txt

Find a Specific Object by Primary Key
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If you know the :ref:`primary key <node-primary-key>` for a given object, you

> can look it up directly with :js-sdk:`Realm.objectForPrimaryKey()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can look it up directly with :js-sdk:`realm.objectForPrimaryKey()
```
required change: ``objectForPrimaryKey() is a method on the realm instance not on the Realm import.

Author: You're right that `objectForPrimaryKey()` is an instance method but it's on the `Realm` class so the capitalized notation is correct

<Realm.html#objectForPrimaryKey>`.

.. tabs-realm-languages::
   
   .. tab::
      :tabid: javascript
      
      .. code-block:: javascript
         

>          const task = Realm.objectForPrimaryKey("Task", "600115c589ff8d461af84727");

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         const task = realm.objectForPrimaryKey("Task", "600115c589ff8d461af84727");
```

required change: ``objectForPrimaryKey() is a method on the realm instance not on the Realm import.  We should probably add a comment that explains this, saying that you must open a realm first, and then use that variable.

.. _node-query-an-object-type:
.. _node-get-all-objects:

Query an Object Type
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Query operations return a :js-sdk:`Realm.Results <Realm.Results.html>`

Reviewer: Nitpick/not required for lgtm: This sentence is a little hard to follow. Although it's not a long one, its easy to get distracted by the term 'Realm.Results' upfront, here's a suggestion that conveys the same concepts but with 'Realm.Results' at the end of the sentence:

`Query operations return a collection that contains all objects that match the query via the Realm.Results type.`

         :language: javascript

.. _node-filter-queries:
.. _node-filter-results:

Filter Queries
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A **filter** selects a subset of results based on the value(s) of one or more
object properties. {+client-database+} provides a full-featured :ref:`query
engine <node-client-query-engine>` that you can use to define filters.

To filter a query, call :js-sdk:`Collection.filtered()
<Collection.html#filtered>` on the results collection.

.. example::

   In the following example, we use the :ref:`query engine
   <node-client-query-engine>`'s comparison operators to:

   - Find high priority tasks by comparing the value of the ``priority`` property value with a threshold number, above which priority can be considered high.
   - Find just-started or short-running tasks by seeing if the ``progressMinutes`` property falls within a certain range.
   - Find unassigned tasks by finding tasks where the ``assignee`` property is equal to null.
   - Find tasks assigned to specific teammates Ali or Jamie by seeing if the ``assignee`` property is in a list of names.

   .. tabs-realm-languages::

      .. tab::
         :tabid: javascript

>           .. literalinclude:: /examples/Query/Comparison.js

Reviewer: Nitpick/not required for lgtm: Looks like `/examples/Query/Comparison.js` isn't apart of this PR, but can we change this code to have string interpolation rather than concatenation to be consistent with the rest of the node docs.

             :language: javascript

.. tip:: Filter on Related and Embedded Object Properties
   
   To filter a query based on a property of an :ref:`embedded object
   <node-embedded-objects>` or a :ref:`related object
   <node-client-relationships>`, use dot-notation as if it were in a regular,
   nested object.

.. _node-sort-query-results:
.. _node-sort-results:

Sort Query Results
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

A **sort** operation allows you to configure the order in which
{+client-database+} returns queried objects. You can sort based on one or more
properties of the objects in the results collection. {+client-database+} only

> guarantees a consistent order of results when the results are sorted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
guarantees a consistent order of results when you call `sort()`
```

Nitpick/not required for lgtm: "To avoid passive voice and be a bit more clear as to who is sorting the results (the developer or mongodb)

JavaScript object.

.. tabs-realm-languages::
   
   .. tab::
      :tabid: javascript
      
      .. literalinclude:: /examples/CRUD/Update.js
         :language: javascript
         :emphasize-lines: 8-9

.. tip:: Update Related and Embedded Objects
   
   To update a property of an :ref:`embedded object <node-embedded-objects>` or
   a :ref:`related object <node-client-relationships>`, modify the property with
   :mdn:`dot-notation or bracket-notation
   <Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Property_accessors>` as if it were in a
   regular, nested object.

.. _node-upsert-an-object:

Upsert an Object
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To upsert an object, call :js-sdk:`Realm.create() <Realm.html#create>` with the
update mode set to ``modified``. The operation either inserts a new object with
the given primary key or updates an existing object that already has that
primary key.

.. tabs-realm-languages::
   
   .. tab::
      :tabid: javascript
      
      .. literalinclude:: /examples/CRUD/Upsert.js
         :language: javascript
         :emphasize-lines: 4, 11

.. _node-update-a-collection:
.. _node-bulk-update:

Bulk Update a Collection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To apply an update to a collection of objects, iterate through the collection

Reviewer: Nitpick/not required for LGTM:

Can this sentence be reworded to be less runon? It's a bit hard to follow currently since it lists a few steps in 1 sentence.

Author: Is there a particular bit that threw you off? Not entirely sure what to change, though I will add a link to [forEach()](Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/forEach) as an example of a collection iterator

Reviewer: Weird, I see the mdn link change in the PR, but not in the staging link. Did a command+r too

Reviewer: Nothing particularly tripped me up as a user who knows Realm and JavaScript fairly well. However, for beginner users, it's a long sentence with a lot of jargon. I think it would read better if we split it up. For example:

"To apply an update to a collection of objects, iterate through the collection (e.g., using `<Array>.forEach`). In the iterator callback, update each collection individually:"

In this suggestion, performing an iterator and updating each object that's being iterated upon are two separate steps (that are directly correlated to the code block below).

Author: Yeah the autobuilder has been down so the staging build hasn't updated recently, should hopefully be fixed now. +1 on your suggestion thanks!

and apply the update in the iterator callback:

.. tabs-realm-languages::
   
   .. tab::
      :tabid: javascript
      
      .. literalinclude:: /examples/CRUD/BatchUpdate.js
         :language: javascript
         :emphasize-lines: 9-12

.. note:: Inverse Relationships

   Thanks to an :ref:`inverse relationship <node-inverse-relationship>` from
   ``Dog.owner`` to ``Person.dogs``, {+client-database+} automatically updates
   Ali's list of dogs whenever we set her as a puppy's owner.

.. _node-delete-an-object:
.. _node-delete:

Delete an Object
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To delete an object from a {+realm+}, pass the object to :js-sdk:`Realm.delete()
<Realm.html#delete>` inside of a write transaction.

.. tabs-realm-languages::
   
   .. tab::
      :tabid: javascript
      
      .. literalinclude:: /examples/CRUD/Delete.js
         :language: javascript
         :emphasize-lines: 3

.. important:: Do not use objects after delete
   

>    {+client-database+} throws an error if you try to use an object after it has

Reviewer: Nitpick/not required for LGTM: Passive voice here. Instead of saying "it has been deleted" (which may confuse the reader, as it is not clear who is doing the deleting), can you rephrase it to something like:

"... if you try to use an object that you have deleted"

Author: To me this is one of the rare cases where some passive voice is okay in that it doesn't matter who deleted the object, just that the object was deleted. The active voice here is "Realm throws an error" & "you use an object". Thoughts?

(I may tweak this a bit regardless)

Reviewer: Sounds fine to me 👍

   .. tab::
      :tabid: javascript
      
      .. literalinclude:: /examples/CRUD/Update.js
         :language: javascript
         :emphasize-lines: 8-9

.. tip:: Update Related and Embedded Objects
   
   To update a property of an :ref:`embedded object <node-embedded-objects>` or
   a :ref:`related object <node-client-relationships>`, modify the property with
   :mdn:`dot-notation or bracket-notation
   <Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/Property_accessors>` as if it were in a
   regular, nested object.

.. _node-upsert-an-object:

Upsert an Object
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To upsert an object, call :js-sdk:`Realm.create() <Realm.html#create>` with the
update mode set to ``modified``. The operation either inserts a new object with
the given primary key or updates an existing object that already has that
primary key.

.. tabs-realm-languages::
   
   .. tab::
      :tabid: javascript
      
      .. literalinclude:: /examples/CRUD/Upsert.js
         :language: javascript
         :emphasize-lines: 4, 11

.. _node-update-a-collection:
.. _node-bulk-update:

Bulk Update a Collection
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

To apply an update to a collection of objects, iterate through the collection

> (e.g. with :mdn:`forEach()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(e.g., with :mdn:`forEach()
```

"e.g.," is the correct punctuation here. https://www.grammarly.com/blog/know-your-latin-i-e-vs-e-g/
